---
layout: post
title: "This is a blog to develop and test the styling of posts"
---

Let us start the test blog with a simple paragraph. This seems to be working fine.
This is a new line in same paragraph.

This is another paragraph.

# Time for a L1 heading
There is some content here under l1 heading.
## And we have a l2 heading
some more content under l2 heading.

## Another l2 heading
some more content under l2 heading.

### This is a l3 heading
#### This is a l4 heading
##### This is a l5 heading
###### This is a l6 heading

I will probably only use l1, l2 and l3 heading.
So far so good. Lets try some complex things now.

## Let us add lists
### ordered list first

1. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet
2. Consectetur adipiscing elit
3. Integer molestie lorem at massa


1. You can use sequential numbers...
1. ...or keep all the numbers as `1.`

### Now let us try unordered list
+ Create a list by starting a line with `+`, `-`, or `*`
+ Sub-lists are made by indenting 2 spaces:
    - Marker character change forces new list start:
        * Ac tristique libero volutpat at
        + Facilisis in pretium nisl aliquet
        - Nulla volutpat aliquam velit
+ Very easy!

### Why not some mixed lists
+ Item one
+ Item two
    1. ordered one
    1. ordered two
+ Item three    

Lists seem to be working fine, but I noticed inline code is not working. Let us fix that.

Here is an `inline` code.

And also some long code

    // Some comment
    const a = 5;
    console.log(a);

Some more line

    <script src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/livvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvbs/highlight.js/11.0.1/highlight.min.js"></script>


code seems to be working fine now with the inclusion of highlight.js, time to make a commit.